Rock the shades that Peter Chou where's
today by visiting shady sluts calm
shades only thirty four dollars and when
you use my personal promo code pyro
boobs you will get ten dollars off shady
sluts calm haha Peter Chao here sorry
for starting the game play a little late
not let you know any of you are paying
attention to the gameplay anyway because
you should be paying attention to my
commentary subtitle day for a reason and
if you don't want to watch to me over
the cutscenes I would very much
recommend you what other fucking games
there's no commentary my lamb is cursor
he does out let's get underway when you
could be in town fucking some girls and
further destroying the gene pool fucking
some girls do that he's got to type of
me fucking yeah I'll I together to die
reportage but shutting down she brewed
that's right no matter bitches sir mom
why are we for the Civil Border Patrol
I'm chewing this gum it's very delicious
wait wait wait wait wait my Patriot
leaders going on oh okay so if you guys
can't compute what is going on because
you know for some reason your attention
span is a little racking what is going
on is these two people Apatow officers
they are responsible of getting rid of
mexicans who like to cross the border
pretty much a couple of zip code us and
they recruited me keep your phone sorry
they recruited me to try an ioc
poly-drug two times over and prevent the
Mexicans from crossing our border and
taking our jobs you know Lisa's love me
in there are talking of we are two real
American Arbitration Mexican speaking
with the fuckers that's what they say
that's not what I'm thinking I'm not a
racist mother shit but they are
they want me to stop those little
Manny's from Modern Family I'm getting
in here why don't you just watch what
you're fucking toys you can avoid it oh
yeah some ways to mock me okay to the
future is Neela CBS racy me let the
brought you a rigid constitute okay you
talking the language you are toys we
know where you are interested Wow and
it's going to be a problem but the
public bus goes if you don't start
talking up my language she which is you
be hung over language even more well let
us call it sounds ominous in his younger
days all right so we're gonna have to go
and spot some Mexican Joe with imagined
Ezra please hello Sonny give trial well
they must be inside go see if you can
flush them out Trevor okay no problem is
there any place in the world I'd rather
be then drunk as a skunk at the Alamo
see my goodness you're pretty good
singer maybe you should tie up on
America's Next tomahto wait no that's
not it America's top Karen no we just
talked in America idol here we go i
would calm down cuz i don't don't even
approach me of those goddamn overalls oh
you're creeping me out you're creeping
me out and oh shit sorry about there I
didn't mean to punch you all the way
from the behind it was just that he was
very necessary
okay let's go shoot some motherfuckers
right here hey what's up where the
Mexicans I'm bad oh not ban all right
fine if I'm been well then you guys can
have a beer lito lapid a shoe ah yeah
explode motherfuckers walk right into it
oh damn that's right Oh week oh no no
where you go where you go you are
witness to my crime okay you're that
where's the other one oh you fuck you
cannot you cannot reach my crime you can
knowing is my crime of killing all those
innocent people where are you all right
you're that good thank you oh man that
was a close call you know when I met a
crime scene and I'm just stirring up
some shit I don't expect you to go right
on me pair you know you don't write on
chaffeur jeffer Oh Michael look at all
these people like that because of my
grand Axl and I didn't even get to see
it oh your tattoo you guys want to see
some frying parties yeah let's do it
okay let's see let's see what we can do
even though there are pointless everyone
in here has done something illegal to
that illegal and now that they're all
right okay fine I'll go back to the
petopia cookies ah-ha don't fire your
fire I'm gonna take your ashes with me
and oh my god will take my own ashes
with me oh my god okay good okay calm
down calm yeah oh alright I'm coming you
fucking asshole jeez oh let you show my
eyes I'm gonna go cut that out let's
bring him in boys all right let's go you
min okay we go who eat a 6 ok that
garden what's going on there's people ok
all right
okay whoa where you at where you at rui
Jason oh that car right there Oh bunch
of fucking Mexicans are in there Bette
oh now you're gonna get it now you're
messing with more you're gonna drive
rough korina you're gonna type it up
today okay I'll show you I show you that
you shouldn't be tardy for up to him
because what am i typing a fucking issue
deep air watch I said no no you tend to
lose me i understand where youre trying
to please you are not to do that you are
Mexican than you are easily in my
country you're Leslie Andrews okay we go
here we go oh oh I have to catch them
i'm going to call i'm gonna i'm going to
the arc oh I'm gonna set you I'm going
to get your arms a close friend of movie
fucking member come here I me you little
shit come on come on do this for me
beautiful me into our theory oh ok I've
got you're not oh oh what the latest
update data for this office was found to
sign in god damn in the middle of my car
damn game play seriously PSP you're
fucking with me right oh oh no way no
fucking way you're fucking with me right
oh oh oh in the middle of my car Oh
Rock the shades that Peter Chou where's
today by visiting shady sluts calm
shades only thirty four dollars and when
you use my personal promo code pyro
boobs you will get ten dollars off shady
sluts calm